This simple serial protocol is designed to be simple and small and
suitable for manual use by a person on a command line and also for 
automation by software. The protocol is client-server yet symmetric.
Each endpoint knowns if it is the server or the client.  The only reason
is so that the correct client or server channel numbers are used.

The prompts are comprised of a numeric cookie followed by a space and
a percent sign and second space, which looks a bit like a shell prompt:

7 % 

The cookie is a unique OS incarnation number that only changes from a
previous unqiue number when the peer reboots.  All commands start
with a "get" or "set" verb on an object, followed by object-specific
arguments. For example:

7 % get help
7 % set gpio 7 off

and after any command response, the return code is display in parentheses
on its own line before the next prompt:

7 % set gpio 7 off
(0)
7 % 

There are 10 bidirectional channels. 

Channels 0 and 1 are for variable length signal messages which
consist of a 2 byte payload length in ascii followed by up to 99
bytes of payload. A length of 00 is an echo request message which
is used for synchronization and the reply is the same message
on the same signal channel.

Signal messages are 3+ bytes on the wire: channel +  2 byte length + payload.
Byte messages are   2  bytes on the wire: channel +  1 byte payload.
Burst messages are 16  bytes on the wire: channel + 15 byte payload.

The channel numbers are sent as a single non-printable extended acsii
byte shown in brackets and are:
  0 (245): client signalling len+payload xmit/recv  3+ bytes
  1 (246): server signalling len+payload xmit/recv  3+ bytes
  2 (247): client session human   byte   xmit/recv  2  bytes
  3 (248): client session human   burst  recv only 16  bytes
  4 (249): server session human   byte   xmit/recv  2  bytes
  5 (250): server session human   burst  recv only 16  bytes
  6 (251): client session machine byte   xmit/recv  2  bytes
  7 (252): client session machine burst  xmit/recv 16  bytes
  8 (253): server session machine byte   xmit/recv  2  bytes
  9 (254): server session machine burst  xmit/recv 16  bytes

Channels 2-5 have echo characters going back to the initiator. 
Channels 6-9 are line oriented ending with \n without echo enabled.
Channels 6-9 sends begin each line with a 2 character transaction
    number nn 00-99. If a reply line is of the form (nn/retval),
    then retval is the return value for that transaction nn, 
    which the caller should detect.

The link protocol caches received characters until a newline is received
and then passes it up to the command handler, passing the channel number
the line was received on. Channels 2-5 implement simple line editting.

Synchronizing the serial stream is done by repeatedly sending echo signal
messages and waiting for an echo reply message.

Higher level intelligence can choose to implement retransmission on top
of this protocol. For example, a human might reissue a failed command.

